PWA What's New update for Edge 101 and 105 (#2259)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/whats-new/pwa.md

This page lists the updates to Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) and Web Apps from the Microsoft Edge Web Apps team.  To try new features, read these announcements.  To stay up to date with the latest and greatest features, download the [Microsoft Edge preview channels](https://www.microsoftedgeinsider.com/download) (Beta, Dev, and Canary).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## What's New in Microsoft Edge 105

Microsoft Edge 105 brings the following new features for Progressive Web Apps.

> ### Window Controls Overlay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Window Controls Overlay
```
changing to use h2/h4/h6 not h3/h5 might not work unless done in entire article.

> ### Window Controls Overlay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Window Controls Overlay API
```

> The **Window Controls Overlay** API is now available by default with Microsoft Edge 105. This feature makes it possible for web developers to take control of the area that would normally be used by the title bar of an installed PWA window. The PWA code can use this area to render arbitrary web content such as a custom title, navigation buttons, or a menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Window Controls Overlay** API is now available by default in Microsoft Edge 105. The Window Controls Overlay API enables your app to control the area that would normally be used by the title bar of an installed PWA window. The PWA code can use this area to render arbitrary web content such as a custom title area, navigation buttons, or a menu bar.
```
looking for alternative to broad words 'using' and 'with' that's more specific/narrow
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

Although it is good sometimes to differentiate actors (user vs web dev'r), favor "you"; 2nd-person per Style, speaking directly to the defined audience except where contrasting roles of you the dev'r vs. your users of your app.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/grammar/person#in-general-use-second-person-pronouns-you-your

Replaced abstract/indirect "this feature" by a self-contained definition statement.

> This feature makes PWAs installed on desktop operating systems more similar to their native counterparts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature makes PWAs that are installed on desktop operating systems more similar to their native counterparts.
```
I think style guide says to use non-condensed form to favor clarity over reduced word count.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
maybe conjoin the above "os" sentence with the below OS sentence - from POV of .md listing (not rendered), that would have increased my comprehension.

> The Window Controls Overlay API is available on Windows, macOS, and Linux operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Window Controls Overlay API is available on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
```
consider simpler succinct.  "os" might add as much complexity as clarification, no net gain, possibly.

![A PWA, with a custom titlebar](media/custom-title-bar.png)

To learn more, check out these resources:

* [Display content in the title bar](../how-to/window-controls-overlay.md).
* [Closing a 30 pixel gap between native and web](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2022/09/27/closing-pixel-gap-native-web-window-controls-overlay/).
* [Window Controls Overlay API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Window_Controls_Overlay_API) on MDN.

> ### Notifications from a PWA are now emitted from this PWA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Notifications from a PWA are now emitted from this PWA
```
global: given current css, been getting good results from h2/h4/h6, skipping h3/h5.  To make article headings hierarchy tree structure clearer for maintainers & readers.

> ### Notifications from a PWA are now emitted from this PWA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notifications from a PWA are now emitted from the PWA
```
"this PWA" made me wonder "which?"

> In earlier versions, the notifications created by PWAs looked like they were emitted by Microsoft Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In earlier versions, the notifications that were created by PWAs looked like they were emitted by Microsoft Edge.
```
to avoid mis-parsing as: The notifications created something.

> With Microsoft Edge 105, notifications from PWAs now display the name of the PWA instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Microsoft Edge 105, notifications from PWAs now display the name of the PWA instead of displaying "Microsoft Edge".
```

![A PWA app window, with a notification shown near the Windows task bar. The notification has the PWA icon and name.](media/pwa-notifications.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## What's New in Microsoft Edge 101

> Microsoft Edge 101 introduces the ability to search for and browse web content by using **sidebar search** in installed PWAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge 101 introduces the **sidebar search** feature, which lets users search for and browse web content by using **sidebar search** in installed PWAs.
```
Existing wording was confusing: is the feature new, or is this way of accessing the feature new?  Need wording as a direct statement that the foo feature is new.  Not sure, is this a feature of Edge that's now in PWAs?

Author: It's a new feature added to all installed PWAs. There is no API to call. It's a user feature.
I'll rephrase.

To access **sidebar search**:

> 1. Click the **Open sidebar search** button in the title bar of the installed PWA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Open sidebar search** button in the title bar of the installed PWA:
```
consider colon before each .png, to glue together & flow.

   ![The sidebar search icon, shown in the app title bar.](media/sidebar-search.png)

> 1. Type a search query and press `Enter`. The search results are displayed, and you can navigate to a web page from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Type a search query and press `Enter`. The search results are displayed, and you can navigate to a web page from there:
```

> 

Reviewer: maybe keep 'navigate'.  case-by-case-judgement per principle of casual/natural/transparent per industry lang.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/n/navigate
